README.md, before:

# credit-risk-classification
## Background
In this Challenge, you’ll use various techniques to train and evaluate a model based on loan risk. You’ll use a dataset of historical lending activity from a peer-to-peer lending services company to build a model that can identify the creditworthiness of borrowers.
## Instructions
The instructions for this Challenge are divided into the following subsections:
  * Split the Data into Training and Testing Sets
  * Create a Logistic Regression Model with the Original Data
  * Write a Credit Risk Analysis Report
## Split the Data into Training and Testing Sets
Open the starter code notebook and use it to complete the following steps:
  1. Read the `lending_data.csv` data from the Resources folder into a Pandas DataFrame.
  2. Create the labels set (`y`) from the “loan_status” column, and then create the features (`X`) DataFrame from the remaining columns.
  3. Split the data into training and testing datasets by using `train_test_split`.
## Create a Logistic Regression Model with the Original Data
  1. Fit a logistic regression model by using the training data (`X_train` and `y_train`).
  2. Save the predictions for the testing data labels by using the testing feature data (`X_test`) and the fitted model.
  3. Evaluate the model’s performance by doing the following:
     * Generate a confusion matrix.
     * Print the classification report.
  4. Answer the following question: How well does the logistic regression model predict both the 0 (healthy loan) and 1 (high-risk loan) labels?
# Credit Risk Analysis Report
Pending

Commit message:

final update includes report link

README.md, after:

# credit-risk-classification
## Background
In this Challenge, you’ll use various techniques to train and evaluate a model based on loan risk. You’ll use a dataset of historical lending activity from a peer-to-peer lending services company to build a model that can identify the creditworthiness of borrowers.
## Instructions
The instructions for this Challenge are divided into the following subsections:
  * Split the Data into Training and Testing Sets
  * Create a Logistic Regression Model with the Original Data
  * Write a Credit Risk Analysis Report
## Split the Data into Training and Testing Sets
Open the starter code notebook and use it to complete the following steps:
  1. Read the `lending_data.csv` data from the Resources folder into a Pandas DataFrame.
  2. Create the labels set (`y`) from the “loan_status” column, and then create the features (`X`) DataFrame from the remaining columns.
  3. Split the data into training and testing datasets by using `train_test_split`.
## Create a Logistic Regression Model with the Original Data
  1. Fit a logistic regression model by using the training data (`X_train` and `y_train`).
  2. Save the predictions for the testing data labels by using the testing feature data (`X_test`) and the fitted model.
  3. Evaluate the model’s performance by doing the following:
     * Generate a confusion matrix.
     * Print the classification report.
  4. Answer the following question: How well does the logistic regression model predict both the 0 (healthy loan) and 1 (high-risk loan) labels?
# Credit Risk Analysis Report
A brief report that includes a summary and analysis of the performance of the machine learning models that were used in this project can be found [here](Credit_Risk/report-template.md) for reference purposes.
